[Music]
my little baby bird ducked and your
great stunt
hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel if you new here my name is
Olivia Jarvis today I'm going to be
taking you through one of my glute
workout leg workout booty workouts
whatever you want to call it and I'm
also going to talk to you about how I've
grown my gluts and things that have
helped me to grow my glutes this has
been an area that really struggles with
as I naturally have a zero boom athol
it's like a little square shape
naturally but I've grown a bit I'm still
trying to grow and yet I'll probably hit
a plateau quite a while where I just
wasn't really growing three honest it
was just because a few things I'm going
to talk to you about also I've got
ridiculous thing that is are so red
right now I've gone like rocky Brown
hots called it is super cold here in
Manchester today and I feel like I
should have been hibernation mode from
and just be sat watching Christmas films
with mince pies that I'd be my ideal
situation also to film this video I have
missed it I took off my trusty
dressing-gown right uneven you and I
don't really like school anymore don't
know about you but I literally live in
my dressing gown in the winter so I just
put it on top of all like hose doesn't
matter what you're wearing as soon as I
come in but yeah I'm gonna show you
through my workout and I will be doing a
voiceover so after my walk and glute
activation I'm starting with the single
leg you kick back using smooth machine
here I'm doing three sets of 10 reps on
each leg now really focus on clenching
your glutes and getting that squeeze as
well as in your lower back
this really helps isolate and activate
each individual glue
so next up is smoke machine LDLs here
I'm doing four sets of ten reps
folks I'm getting down low at the end of
each can actually like mainly my hand
shake here so going straight from the
smoke machine are dlz and two done by
sumo squats and in four sets of ten
pulses and really squeezing up just
keeping that tension make sure your
heels a wide apart and drive up from
years heels and I'm moving on to the
barbell back squat here I did three sets
of six to eight reps then this set here
that you're watching is my fourth set
were just did one rep of a heavyweight
I'm trying to push himself and I'll see
you I can do the moment moving on to hip
thrusts on this machine you think
there's always different variations to
do hit respond by just quite like to mix
things up keep things exciting this is
literally my go-to and leg day and its
central booty exercise and absolutely
favorite for building the booty remember
to keep your head looking forward and
chin into chest this really helps get
get that better contact in your glutes
and quite like how you can make this
felt really heavy and here I did three
sets of ten to twelve reps and as a
finisher I am moving into a different
glute kickback machine and this is
absolutely love this at the moment I can
really feel the burn in tension I said
I'm really isolating my glutes at the
moment and you can if you don't have
this machine you can do it on cables and
here I'm doing three sets of ten reps on
first thing first
I think activation is absolutely key and
something I probably went wrong with for
quite some time and I wasn't warming up
or activating my glutes at all and I
think that was why I was mainly getting
going sort of in my own quite quad
dominant in my quads opposed to any
booty gains so activation is key and
just warming up in general whether it's
your training legs or whatever it's so
important because it prevents injury
and I've had a few like hip injuries in
the past well so yeah a woman who's
Keith so I tend to use recent friend to
activate I'll do like sidekicks glute
kickbacks donkey kicks and just really
get mind muscle contractions I mean I'll
be thinking about what you're trying to
work but literally now I work I'll do
sorts of 10-15 minutes over an October
it's I'll just if I don't have a risk
but resistance band that day I'll just
get on a mat and some donkey kicks and
just activate you bum and make sure you
can really feel it up sometimes do some
squats and stuff I do think resistant
runs are really good because it just
gets that extra burn and just gives you
know creates tension or alternatively I
will use the Stairmaster or like the
treadmill I'll just put it on an
inclined walk and sometimes I'll do some
like kick back on the Stairmaster my
second tip for growing your glutes would
be to make sure you're eating I'm gonna
save this topic for a future video like
a nutritional one if you'd like to see
that because I think the so trying to
talk about and this is a major factor
that I was doing so wrong for so long I
just wasn't eat enough and I was scared
of everything and just getting fat but
honestly I don't feel like it's really
hard to grow if you're not eating enough
and especially sort of in your booty
area third thirdly my biggest tip would
be make sure your progressive
overloading and that just basically
means you're progressing and you're
increasing your weight and just try and
yourself challenging yourself you know
in order to grow so this basically just
means like increasing the weight and
increasing your reps of the heavier
weight or decreasing rest like your rest
rate so maybe you feel rest in for two
to three minutes between sets if you
want you to like intensify your workout
and you know bring it down to 30 seconds
or just a minute I think monitoring is
really key as well like monitoring your
progress kind of links in with this with
progressive overload like and make sure
you've got your PBS written down your
personal breath and each week like you
drop down like the heaviest you've done
but I must admit I have been so bad in
previous times where I've like up from
weight and then my phone has gone out
the window and that definitely doesn't
help you make them like beauty gains
because bomb is Yvonne's key and I think
after a few times were safe like my
phone's just kind of gone out the window
I remember one time like with squats and
stuff like my phone would just went
pear-shaped and I just think it's good
to sometimes it takes to fact-based it
so I take the weight off and just make
sure you've got your form like a 1 so
yet form shouldn't be compromised with
weight like make sure you can
comfortably do the rep range
increasing the rate I always incorporate
compound exercises into my booty
workouts such as barbell hip for a fiber
hip and my absolute ultimate
favorite in the world for sort of
building a booty and trying to grow a
booty because you can kind of rack you
can stack the weight up and whereas I
don't really do it I do like squats but
I find doing it for us really target and
I've seen sort of the most gains getting
a good firm roller you know where you
put like on your hip area because a lot
of times I've got really saw in fact
even now I'm still quite sore from the
other day and but yet there are such a
good booty builder and then always see
being consistent with the gym right
you're not gonna see or make the gains
that you want if you're no training like
two times in one week and then not
training at all the next week and then
training once the following week like I
think consistency is key if you're off
you stick to you know your compound
lifts and increasing your weight and
your progress in and using predict
progressive overload then you can't
really go wrong do I keep going like
that it's having like a rave in the
kitchen earlier and singing and stuff -
ariana grande's new song and I think
I've gone a bit over the top for ease
literally so sort okay and then the next
thing I'm going to talk about is
frequency like I think for also aren't
per period of overtraining my legs and
not giving myself enough time to recover
side over stage of probably trying to
training legs like four times a week I
just constantly felt icky and then I was
cutting my shorts or like just going to
intense and wasn't seen like the results
that I wanted to I think it's so
important to give you a chat you give
yourself time to recover and not
completely cut yourself out to max
intensity all the time but also to get
don't make it unenjoyable as well as
iron but iron to a stage where I was
just overtraining and I just didn't have
to kind of lost for love for my training
whereas now I like I'm really I mean a
good stage but if I've had enough sleep
I'm recovery like throughout the week
I aim to Train booty and legs two to
three times a week recently or not when
I went to Turkey I didn't train that
much over there at all and I felt like I
created the most gains then which is a
bit strange but I think that is all down
to like rest period I think rest is good
every note thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
it and if you haven't already don't
forget to subscribe and like the video
down below and I'll see you guys in the
next video